welcome the football game playing calm
we're football makes sense I memory
hunters off the playbook and now that
the 2013 CIS east/west bowl is complete
let's take a look back at this week and
see who were some of the top performers
throughout the practices and see who
stood out the most by handing out some
awards starting with the quarterback
position Ben Rossi st. Mary's has been
impressive all week alone this guy has
shown the alterant to make every last
row across the field and is not afraid
to take chances deep down I feel I'm
interested to see how well he does in
the game but throughout the quarter week
of practices he's been outstanding sean
Murphy out of McGill has quietly put
together an impressive week of practice
this guy has shown all of the skills
necessary to be a top-flight running
back acceleration vision pass blocking
and I love the way he catches the
football out of the backfield one of
these guys that I'm intrigued to see how
well he does not only in this game but
throughout the rest of his 2013 season
and Anthony Coombs out of Manitoba came
into this week as a guy we want to keep
an eye on as the top running back and he
has a nothing but impressed all week
long this guy brings the lateral agility
he can catch a football out of the back
bill one thing that's very underrated
about his game is a very tough interior
runner so I'm looking forward to seeing
what he can put together in live action
and Zac Clarke out of Acadia is another
player that I came away impressed week
throughout the week of practice you look
at what he brings to the table solid
skills said this guy is probably going
to be a fullback at the next level but
Scouts rave about his inside running
ability and he has garnered more touches
as the week progressed at wide receiver
Jordan catterall out of st. Francis has
been impressive and has excelled at
every position they put him at they'd
use them in a slot they've use him as a
split they also use them as a kickoff
and punt returner so this guy definitely
has a skill set that scouts are looking
for at that next level but by far Brian
Marshall out of Western Ontario has been
the best receiver throughout the course
of the week I mean this guy
route-running his flawless and that's
what gets him open he's been nursing a
sore ankle but he has been impressive
all week still getting open still
beating bump rest and catching
everything thrown his way this guy has
superstar written all over him
Kristen Bastien out of Concordia has
been the favorite receiving target of
Ben Ross on the quarterback and this guy
understands leverage and his route
running skills allow him to get open
he's one of those slot wire receivers
that's not afraid to go across the
middle and has a solid hands and she
worn out of that position Adam vulture
out of Ottawa has done a great job in
the running game all week long he's a
left tackle that can run blocker love
the way he seals the edge and also
climbs to that second level so I've been
impressed with how well he's moving for
an offensive tackle we to live all
prospects have had outstanding weeks
here lever to is a guy we were keeping
an eye on early in the week as one of
the top center prospect he's been
playing guard and has been playing it
very well because his teammate CARLMAN g
also out of love all has done a great
job as the center so both guys have been
dominant on the interior offensive line
and both should have outstanding 2013
seasons Jean Christopher Gagnon out of
sheer brooke has been the best defensive
lineman all week long history at City
and his intensity has shown up in the
one-on-one drills where he's constantly
dominating offensive tackles so he's
shown a great deal of talent enough to
have Scouts raving about his ability
moving forward in quince mid out of
concordia had an injury later on in the
week but throughout the course of
tuesday and wednesdays practice
outstanding interior defense line
presence should be a stud this upcoming
season and when you look at another
defensive lineman Derek Wiggin out of
Queens athletic guy virtually
unblockable as well and has shown that
ability to stand up and being outside
edge rusher as a linebacker University
of Toronto's linebacker chris johnson
has been a thorn in the side of the East
quarterbacks all week long his cover
skills is phenomenal and that's what
lands him a spot on his list what has
impressed me all week long from Corey
robot Calgary's linebacker is his range
from sideline to sideline he's been
disruptive on a lot of run plays as well
as in the passing game so I've been
impressed with his athleticism and in
the secondary you look at rate corners
junior out of st. Mary's this guy has
the physicalness that you need to
compete at that level what has been
impressive is although he's been a
little handsy has shown the athleticism
and the technique to stay with wire
receivers and the best defensive back
all week long has been
Adam to both out of love all why this is
impressive he came into this east-west
game as a wide receiver only made the
transition on Tuesday and has been the
best defensive back showing the
athleticism to stay with wire receivers
we know he has the ball skills as a
former wire receiver but also the
techniques I've been impressed this guy
also could be a deep safety at the next
level so he gives you that versatility
that you want on your defense and for
more information on the east/west bowl
or any of these prospects are any of
these collegiate teams visit see is dash
sicc eight